[improve][doc] SEO for Pulsar SQL (#677)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/sql-getting-started.md

id: sql-getting-started
title: Query data with Pulsar SQL
sidebar_label: "Query data"

> description: Get started to query data with Pulsar SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Query data in Pulsar with Pulsar SQL
```

## Query data in Pulsar

To query data in Pulsar with Pulsar SQL, you need to complete the following steps:

> ### Step 1: Start a Pulsar standalone cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Start a Pulsar cluster
```

:::

### Step 2: Start a Pulsar SQL worker

```bash
./bin/pulsar sql-worker run
```

> ### Step 3: After initializing Pulsar standalone cluster and the SQL worker, run SQL CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Run SQL CLI

After initializing Pulsar standalone cluster and the SQL worker, run SQL CLI.
```
Keep headings short and summarised.

Since there is no data in Pulsar, no records are returned.

> ### Step 5: Start the built-in connector `DataGeneratorSource` and ingest some mock data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Ingest mock data

Start the built-in connector `DataGeneratorSource` and ingest some mock data.
```
